---
layout: post
title:  "Final presentation"
date:   2022-10-01 22:30:17 +0800
categories: jekyll update
---

This is my final presentation vedio, and it's called Flappy Words, it is the content of my At2 assignment. In the assignment of At3, I modified it, respectively in the code and appearance, and also invited my friends to experience the content of the game.

<br>
<h4>1. I made some changes based on At2 assignment.
First of all, I changed the code for the game in AT2 to use it as the main material for the presentation video,   and I made some changes.
I changed this line of code to window.  GameWindow = window.  GameWindow || GameWindow;
because In order to make it easier for audience and me (the programmer) to understand the code and to modify or update the website in   the future.
<br>
<h4>2.Secondly, I changed var statement to let statement,   because it's a new way of writing it.   Meanwhile,one big drawback of var statement is that in some block statements (if, else,   for, while, etc.), variables declared by var statement are leaked to the whole domain! This can lead to side effects that may affect each other or make maintenance more difficult during engineer transitions.
<br>
<h4>3.Thirdly, I changed the movement Letters "happy" in the game to the number 1234,   because it shows the number of lives more clearly.
<br>
<h4>4.When there are many branches, the switch...case structure will improve the efficiency of the program, but the disadvantage of switch is that it can only handle variables of character or number type. The if...else structure is more flexible, and the if...else structure can be used to judge expressions. Whether the formula is true, such as if(a+b>c), if...else has a wider range of applications, and the switch...case structure can replace the if...else structure in some cases.
<br>
<h4>5. fifth, the graphics of the website are mainly generated with JavaScript because JavaScript can be used to speed up the loading of the website and the loading of the game in addition to creating the game interaction between the webpage and the user. And CSS is mainly used to design web pages, so the images of this game are mainly JavaScript programming.
<br>
<h4>.6.My friend thinks the effect of this fireworks balls is great, it gives the ordinary click of the special effect, pleasing to the eyes. And that number cube is also fun to count life, like a little train. She thinks I could add something like slowing down to the code, because blocks travel so fast that it's easy to lose your life. Overall, she thinks it's a good game, and she said can research and come up with some better ideas, like the fireworks balls.
<h4>This is my final presentation link</h4>
<a href="https://youtu.be/Il86d0GQhiY">presentation video</a>
<br>
Reference link
<br>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQoJZuBwrkU">Flappy bird</a>
<br>

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/

